Sphinx manual user manual basic starter tutorial (#489)
GeodynamicWorldBuilder/WorldBuilder: doc/sphinx/user_manual/basic_starter_tutorial/13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.md

(part:user_manual:chap:basic_starter_tutorial:sec:13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment)=
Subducting slab adding a segment
================================

> Although our slabs can now bend, real slabs actually can bend many times in many different ways. The way this is parameterized for faults and slab in the world builder is through cutting the slab up in segments. In other words, a segment is a downwards section of a slab or a fault. Each segment can have their own parameters and models attached to it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although our slabs can now bend, real slabs actually can bend many times in many different ways. The way this is parameterized for faults and slab in the world builder is through dividing the slab into in multiple segments. In other words, a segment is a downwards section of a slab or a fault. Each segment can have their own parameters and models attached to it. 
```

> So how do we achieve this? We just add a second object to the segments line. Usually you will want to make sure that the end of one segments has the same angle and thickness as the beginning of the next value. So in this case we end the first segment with an angle of 60 degrees and begin the second segment also with an angle of 60 degrees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So how do we achieve this? We just add a second object to the segments line. Usually you will want to make sure that the end of one segment has the same angle and thickness as the beginning of the next segment. So in this case we end the first segment with an angle of 60 degrees and begin the second segment also with an angle of 60 degrees.
```

:link: ../../_static/gwb_input_files/BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.wb
:::
:::{grid-item-card} BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.grid
:link: ../../_static/gwb_input_files/BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.grid
:::
:::{grid-item-card} Pavaview v3 state file 
:link: ../../_static/paraview_state_files/BST_v3.pvsm
:::
::::
:::::

:::::{tab-item} Full file
:sync: Full

```{literalinclude} ../../_static/gwb_input_files/BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.wb
:language: json
:lineno-start: 1
:emphasize-lines: 49
```

::::{grid} 3
:::{grid-item-card} BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.wb
:link: ../../_static/gwb_input_files/BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.wb
:::
:::{grid-item-card} BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.grid
:link: ../../_static/gwb_input_files/BST_13_subducting_slab_adding_a_segment.grid
:::
:::{grid-item-card} Pavaview v3 state file 
:link: ../../_static/paraview_state_files/BST_v3.pvsm
:::
::::
:::::

::::::

```{figure} ../../../../doc/sphinx/_static/images/user_manual/basic_starter_tutorial/BST_13.png
:name: BST_13
:alt: Basic Starter Tutorial section 13. 
:align: center

> Basic Starter Tutorial section 13. The top part of the figure shows any place where the composition is not zero as seen sligthly from above. Currently is shows composition 0 as green, composition 1 as yellow, composition 2 as purple and composition 3 as blue. Composition 4 is not shown to be able to see the slab. The font half of the overriding plate (compsition 1) has also been removed to be able to better view the slab. The botttom part shows the temperature as seen sligthly from below where only temperatures between 300K and 1600K are shown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic Starter Tutorial section 13. The top part of the figure shows any place where the composition is not zero as seen sligthly from above. Currently it shows composition 0 as green, composition 1 as yellow, composition 2 as purple and composition 3 as blue. Composition 4 is not shown to be able to see the slab. The front half of the overriding plate (composition 1) has also been removed to be able to better view the slab. The bottom part shows the temperature as seen slightly from below where only temperatures between 300K and 1600K are shown. 
```
